Hey, welcome back guys and girls! So, it's
time to take the bold step of sharing our
creation with the world. This is a huge leap,
the important step in your journey as a game
developer, because it's not until you share
it, with the wider world, that you start getting
proper feedback. So, in this video, we're
going to encourage you to create your own
story, show you how to build for the web.
We're going to test our build locally. Then,
we're going to share our game using our service
GameBucket.io or something similar, and then,
post to the course discussions for feedback
from our students and also to Facebook for
feedback from the wider world. So firstly,
what can you do to create and extend this
story, if you haven't already? So, we have
my default story here, all embedded in this
text controller script, but I would like you
to, if you haven't done it already, make your
own story, at least change something. Here
are some ideas about what you could change.
You could just simply tweak our text to make
it read better. You could make a whole new
game, with the same structure as ours, just
slot in a different story. Even better, you
could make a whole new game with different
structures, different decisions, a different
State Diagram. Why not translate the game
to your native language and share that. There's
bound to be other people, in the student community,
and especially on Facebook that speak your
language and would love to play a game in
their native language. And try adding images
if you want, but don't spend too long on this,
because we're going to cover it later. So,
we want to be able to share your game, if
it's great as well, on the Facebook group
and on our WebPage, so we want to standardize
the build. And also, this is a good idea in
terms of you targeting a specific resolution,
and so I suggest 800 by 600, with a black
background. If your text doesn't fit, then
reduce your font size. Alright, let's go into
Unity and have a look. You can preview this
resolution by going to your Game Window, and
then, where it probably says Free Aspect,
at the top left here, click on 800 by 600,
and if you haven't already defined that, you
can add that resolution, but we have shown
you how to do that. And then, you'll see a
white warning all the time your window is
not the full resolution, so if you detach
your Game Window and make it larger, you can
now see that the white warning goes away at
the top left. And when we play our game, you
can check that your text fits. This is a good
place to check that it actually fits. If it
doesn't fit, for some reason, then come out
of play mode, obviously, go back into your
Scene View, look at your Text Elements, and
then resize, within the text, change the Font
Size until it does fit, is what I suggest.
So, make sure that in this Unity preview it
works, and then, we're going to go ahead and
change our Build Settings. So, you go down
to File, Build Settings, and you'll get a
window pop-up. And the first thing we need
to do is put the Game Scene into the scenes
in build, in Build Settings. We're going to
choose Web Player, and then, Player Settings,
down at the bottom here. And I'm going to
choose a screen width of 800 and a screen
height of 600 and a black background like
that. 800 by 600 with a black background.
So, once you have your Build Settings how
you want them, for your Unity game, this is
how you upload to GameBucket.io and share
it with the world. Click Build and Run. You'll
be presented with a dialog, so choose a folder.
I'm going to use my Downloads. And give your
folder a name that makes sense to you. I would
suggest you include the words Web Build in
it. So, I'm going to call this the Text101
Web Build v 01, anything like that, but make
sure it's very distinct from the project folder,
because we want you to be uploading a .zip
of a Web Build, not your Unity Project Folder.
So, you may, like me, find that this immediately
opens itself in your default browser. My default
browser is Chrome, so don't bother trying
to install the Unity Web Player in Chrome,
it won't work there. Let's take a look, before
we upload our .zip, at what's on our disk.
We have a Text101 Web Build Folder, and inside
it we have two files. We have an .html file
and a .unity3d File. That's the right type
of folder for you to be zipping and sending
to Game Bucket. So, you go up a level, on
a Mac you right click your folder and compress,
on a .zip you make your.zip file your normal
way, in a very similar way, and you end up
with a .zip file of a folder, that contains
an .html and a .unity3d. That's what we want
to upload to Game Bucket, a .zip like that.
Right! So, go to GameBucket.io, and you click
the Upload Button over here. Choose the .zip
file of the folder, it contains the .html.
It will send it to the web and immediately
show it for you, like this. Now, provided
you're in one of the compatible browsers,
you'll be good to go. Just copy that URL,
at the top here, and share that with whoever
you want to be able to play your game. Now,
keep track of that URL, because this is the
only place you're going to get it. You're
just going to get it once here, and it's going
to stay hosted at this location for 30 days,
for you for free. So, it's a super simple
way to share your game. So, once you've got
that, I just want you to share it in the course
discussions. So, how do you do that? Well,
you find the lecture in question, which is
this one here, you click at the top right...
By the way, if this drawer on the right hand
side isn't out, you pull the drawer out with
this little arrow. You need to do this on
a Desktop. You can see other people have been
sharing their games here, so just do the same.
Just say something like, you know, escape
my prison or try my game, and then, just put
some preamble and paste your link. If you
want the link to be clickable, highlight it,
click here on the little chain, and Insert
Link. And make sure that the URL you put in
is the same as the text, or at lest make sure
the URL is right. You can just change the
text to something like Click This, and then,
Click This will go off to the right place.
Now, just check it again. Copy the link address,
make sure it's alright. I would suggest you
copy the link address and paste it into an
incognito browser, before you click post.
You may get a warning, when you click post,
about external links. That's OK, you're just
sharing the game you've made in the course,
so you just click proceed, and then, your
game will be on there and just like others
people will start liking it and replying and
giving you feedback. So, that's the first
stage of sharing your game. As we've said,
we copy the URL from GameBuck.io, we check
it in an [Oops] anonymous or private browser,
we post as a discussion against the lecture,
and finally, we share on Facebook.com/unitycourse,
our Facebook page. Let's take a look. Here
we are and you won't be able to post in the
main thread here, that's for us, but when
you post it will come up in the left hand
side, like these other people here have been
kindly sharing their games. Now, if we find
some that we really like, what we'll do is
we'll check with you first, and then, we'll
re-host and feature your post over here, in
the main thread. So, please do that, get the
feedback. The feedback you'll get here is
from the wider world. This is a brand new
page, so only 115 likes, but when you get to it,
it may well be many many more. So, spread
this page with your friends, because this
is a great place to get feedback from people
outside of our student community, where the
feedback may be more honest. A little bit
more tough, more honest, which is exactly
what you want. Take one stage at a time, if
you like. Share it in the community first
and then on the Facebook page. So, congratulations
getting this far! We've done everything we
need to do in this video, which is encourage
you to create your own story. Please please
do that! You know how to build for the web,
you've tested it locally, you've shared it
using GameBucket.io or similar. You could
use a DropBox, if you've got a paid account,
or you could just get some free or paid for
web hosting and upload your files by .ftp.
if you want to, it's not as good an experience,
but you could just zip your folder and stick
that in DropBox and then post a link to that
but I suggest GameBucket.io, it's by far the
easiest way of doing it. And then, post to
the course discussions and Facebook. So, cool!
Congratulations and see you soon!